this may offend you a little bit but I'm
offending your sensibilities for a
reason
the contrast I'm presenting here between
illusion and reality is not merely
aesthetic it's also ethical and
political Gweneth Paltrow has been
constructed and construed to the public
as if she is an advocate for the vegan
diet and the reality is she is not now
vegan she is not ex vegan she has never
been vegan and she has never been using
her social media platform to advocate
for veganism part of the coverage you
get of Gwyneth Paltrow what you consider
it comedic or not is resented her this
is an article from The Guardian
supposedly respectable journalism this
is the Guardian resenting her as a
symbol of a smug and unattainable
standard of health beauty as if she
represents asceticism a very strict
commitment to a very high standard both
ethically and in terms of health well
here's here's the reality people here's
the reality this is her eating
deep-fried chicken wings okay
this is her actively promoting and
glamorizing people eating deep-fried
chicken wings they're not vegan they're
also not remotely health food they also
don't represent some kind of high
cultural standard of you know refinement
for other people to live up to and yet
amazingly in articles like this in The
Guardian that's exactly how twineth
Paltrow is construed and conceived that
she represents the exact opposite of all
the things she's she really is promoting
on her inner magazine on her websites on
the photograph in the left here that
scoop magazines Instagram
it's her company it's her magazine and
she is promoting and glamorizing killing
and eating animals
that's a plate full of dead animals I
gotta tell you something it's not health
food either it's not healthy it's not
acetic it doesn't represent any kind of
refined hard to achieve standard of
cultural excellence no more than her
eating deep fried chicken
with John Legend there I saw many many
different the references to her eating
cheese in the different interviews there
when I just google the rent it seems to
be at every period of time there has
never been a period of time when she was
saying that she refuses to eat cheese
because she speaking never and on the
contrary we see many things linking her
to the eating of chicken she sometimes
claims that she refuses to eat red meat
yeah well how do you define red meat I
don't know um they all bleed even the
fish bleed they all bleed red blood what
can I tell you this little quotation
mentions GUP encouraging people to make
roast chicken with potatoes this is
neither a very high standard of cultural
refinement nor is this health food nor
is it vegan no sense of ethical
responsibility no sense of f ecological
responsibility this is one of the most
bizarre and extreme examples of somebody
being a paper tiger as I'm showing you
this image of her you know her being
presented in the pages of Harper's
Bazaar in contrast to what she looks
like in real life on the streets this is
partly just an anesthetic comparison the
illusion that's created out of Annabelle
Gwyneth Paltrow's appearance but were
also dealing with the illusion of her
being some kind of icon even an icon for
the vegan movement I can say and
contrast the reality of who she is and
what she what she promotes represents
here's Petta
People for the Ethical Treatment of
Animals I guess praising her because she
in some context said that she wouldn't
eat octopuses because they're too smart
to be food yeah well guess what if he
eats chicken and she eats cheese and she
eats all kinds like it's just the most
ridiculous mismatch between perception
and reality imaginable here's an odd
quote well she may have once been a
strict near vegan is that not an
oxymoron is that not a contradiction
terms strict near vegan not strict vegan
strict near vegan and like I'm really
strict that almost kind of sort of
doing something I'm trying to do you
must be joking yeah she you can see her
eating chicken wings with John Legend
here click for that same link artists
showed you um yeah she's no longer in
her 20s or 30s and she just wants to be
a self-indulgent immoral hypocrite got
it
another quote she ate the most when
pregnant with her son she couldn't stop
eating she was starving
she during a good portion of all of her
pregnancies all she wanted were grilled
cheese sandwiches baskin-robbins ice
cream yogurt and lots of apples
absolutely no no mention of ethics
ecology veganism no no much and even of
vegetarianism in recent years though it
seems few chews become more balanced
than her diet eating a wide variety of
foods than her previous near vegan
regime quote I don't believe you should
rule out any kind of food semicolon I
believe in enjoying life I'm not a good
dieter and since I've had kids I've
loosened up a lot so that is what she
believes in is not veganism not even
vegetarianism not ethics not ecology not
human health she's not promoting an
omnivore health agenda either and yet we
see her both celebrated and resented in
the press like in this Guardian article
or in this veg news article that's
making a joke at her taking a making fun
of her we see her both celebrated and
resented as if she represented the
highest level of activist asceticism